I suppose there's a good reason for his absence.
The computer’s video display was broken.
He's an ordinary man with no exciting interests.
He's trying to break his bad eating habits.
A young child's brain changes rapidly.
When an opportunity like this arises, don't run from it.
He's an increasingly prominent politician.
From her analysis, we can derive that the company’s income declined.
Promoting this behavior is against the country’s cultural norms.
That isn't a reason to exclude others.
I'll flip a mechanical switch.
The worker’s pay is the rough equivalent of minimum wage.
My treatment was in full compliance with my doctor’s orders.
There's an inherent risk because of those dangers.
I'd say the goods are reasonably priced.
I'll follow the footsteps of my corporate predecessors.
That's an established scientific rule.
The restaurant’s day-to-day success is notable.
Surprisingly we don’t find misery in areas of widespread poverty.
The city’s provincial council will make this decision.
It's under a remote controlled system.
He rightly noted that the company hadn’t observed every law.
We don't know if this will enhance or inhibit development.
We can alleviate poverty, but it's harder to prevent it.
The student’s lack of effort hindered their teacher.
The athlete was injured due to the floor’s uneven surface.
Relatively trivial matters shouldn't take this amount of time.
6: The company’s five-year plan is ambitious.
7: The U.S. government's policy has changed.
3: I haven’t had time to analyze the available data.
7: We must reduce the city’s population density.
6: The nation's security should be our main concern.
7: Thus, we can effectively reinforce the area’s weaknesses.
2: She earned her master's degree from that university.
4: I can't give a definitive answer.
6: Let’s examine the main section of the building.
4: I don't find it remarkable; I actually find it rather odd.
10: The environment is not safe; it's hostile.
7: We must value a student’s cultural identity.
1: The city’s effort to prevent crime was successful.
3: It's a perfect time and place for the meeting.
4: I'm absolutely certain that this is correct.
7: It’s not possible to examine your future in detail.
6: It's within my local county district.
6: Our target audience likely won't respond well.
7: I'm training to increase my physical strength.
9: Obviously, you're very intelligent.
8: It's not the regular season for a football game.
6: It's important to maintain a healthy weight.
8: Let’s review the proposal before we submit it.
9: The correct answer shouldn’t be too obvious.
3: I suppose there's a good reason for his absence.
8: The computer’s video display was broken.
12: He's an ordinary man with no exciting interests.
1: He's trying to break his bad eating habits.
4: A young child's brain changes rapidly.
11: When an opportunity like this arises, don't run from it.
2: He's an increasingly prominent politician.
8: From her analysis, we can derive that the company’s income declined.
9: Promoting this behavior is against the country’s cultural norms.
12: That isn't a reason to exclude others.
6: I'll flip a mechanical switch.
2: The worker’s pay is the rough equivalent of minimum wage.
6: My treatment was in full compliance with my doctor’s orders.
12: There's an inherent risk because of those dangers.
11: I'd say the goods are reasonably priced.
12: I'll follow the footsteps of my corporate predecessors.
8: That's an established scientific rule.
12: The restaurant’s day-to-day success is notable.
3: Surprisingly we don’t find misery in areas of widespread poverty.
4: The city’s provincial council will make this decision.
10: It's under a remote controlled system.
5: He rightly noted that the company hadn’t observed every law.
